
5-5.3 Time Won't Stop
=====================
https://streamable.com/dxgm29

  

## 7: Spreading Ripples
**Akane:** Now then, Maki-san, Yomi-san, Yume-san. Please give your report on the Hitakami faction.  
**Akane:** It was already reported to me that the Hitakami faction is attempting to produce "tamayori toji"; toji with aradama equipped to their bodies...  
**Maki:** Yes, we engaged in combat with what we believe was a tamayori toji. It didn't seem like they've perfected it, but it definitely raises a toji's overall capabilities.  
**Maki:** It's just...  
**Yukari:** What is it?  
**Yume:** It was like she'd turned into some kind of monster.  
**Yukari:** ......  
**Chie:** Excuse us.  
**Kaoru:** ...  
**Maki:** Setouchi Chie and Mashiko Kaoru?  
**Akane:** I called them here, thinking we would need information on Mokusa's side as well.  
**Maki:** Do they know the situation?  
**Yukari:** We'll tell them what they need to know.  
**Kaoru:** Tamayori toji... Is it true they're doing experiments fusing aradama and toji?  
**Kaoru:** I'd heard the Hitakami faction was doing research on strengthening toji, but this tamayori thing...  
**Kaoru:** Are Akira and them seriously doing that?  
**Maki:** It's the truth.  
**Maki:** We personally fought with a toji we think was subjected to those experiments.  
**Yomi:** ...  
**Chie:** And they tried forcing Mihono-chan... Asakura Mihono to help with their research.  
**Kaoru:** ...Why Mihono? Because of that power she got from Kashuu Kiyomitsu?  
**Maki:** That power of Asakura Mihono's...?  
**Chie:** That's...  
**Akane:** I'll tell them.  
**Akane:** Asakura-san's power stems from the great aradama, Kanayamahime. As it goes, the great aradama Kanayamahime has been passed down for generations through the eldest daughters of the Asakura family.  
**Maki:** A great aradama\!?  
**Yume:** You mean, like Tagitsuhime?  
**Yukari:** That's correct.  
**Chie:** ...  
**Maki:** I propose having Asakura Mihono give up her okatana.  
**Maki:** We can't allow the Hitakami faction to have her either, so she'll need guards... We can do that.  
**Chie:** Wait\! You're saying you'll make Mihono-chan quit being a toji\!?  
**Maki:** That's right. It's only a temporary measure, but, if this is as dangerous as with Tagitsuhime, it's something we'd better do.  
**Chie:** That's going too far\!  
**Chie:** We already took into account the risk of her losing control and had her pulled off of any missions\!  
**Maki:** That's just turning a blind eye to the heart of the problem. So long as there's a risk of the great aradama awakening, there's steps we need to take.  
**Akane:** Please calm down, both of you. As for what should be done with Asakura-san... I will give you my answer on behalf of the Sword Administration Bureau.  
**Akane:** Asakura Mihono will continue to be left with the investigation team. However, the next time she shows signs of rampancy, we will immediately place her under confinement.  
**Chie:** Confinement...  
**Akane:** This is a government issued directive and will not be altered.  
https://streamable.com/1auqeg

  

## 8: The Reason Behind her Decision (1)
**Akira:** I'm against this. Let's stop the final experiments on tamayori toji.  
**Makoto:** Akira-chan...  
**Yuuki:** I want you to rethink this, Makoto-nee-sama.  
**Makoto:** Yuuki-chan...  
**Makoto:** Having failed to win over Asakura Mihono, a descendant of the Atago family, I am the one left with the highest compatibility.  
**Makoto:** As someone with blood ties to the Atago family, this is something I must do... Please understand that.  
**Akira:** We've already heard all that.  
**Akira:** Anybody closest to the Atago family has the highest compatibility for tamayori. That's why somebody from the Hitakamis like you has the best shot, right?  
**Akira:** But, since Yuuki and me are related to the Hitakamis, that means we should be plenty compatible.  
**Akira:** Am I wrong?  
**Makoto:** ...  
**Akira:** This isn't something you can laugh off\!  
**Yuuki:** ...We're serious about this.  
**Yuuki:** Why can't you just tell us to be tamayori test subjects\! Please, Makoto-nee-sama\!  
**Yuuki:** All you have to do is say that, and we would gladly do it for you\!  
**Makoto:** ...  
**Makoto:** (That's the very reason I can't tell you that, Yuuki-chan.)  
**Makoto:** ...You know, don't you?  
**Makoto:** If someone incompatible is forced through the experiment, rather than equipping onto the body, the aradama becomes fused to the flesh...  
**Akira:** Do you not get it yourself?  
**Akira:** If that's what'll happen to us, then an experiment with you is bound to fail too.  
**Akira:** And, if there's a chance it'll work for you, then there's just as much a chance it'll work for us\!  
**Akira:** So let us do it\!  
**Makoto:** ......Among the three of us, I am still the most compatible. Which makes this something I need to do.  
**Makoto:** (So another tragedy like that can never be repeated...)  
https://streamable.com/tssi8w

  

## 9: The Reason Behind her Decision (2)
--Five years ago.

  
**Chie:** I didn't think we'd come under attack from aradama...... Captain\! Let's retreat for now and re-organize\!  
**Captain:** Don't lose your nerve, Setouchi\! We aren't retreating... We can't retreat here\!  
**Chie:** But, with this many of them\!   
**Captain:** The head of the Origami family gave orders to recover noro without fail\!  
**Sasano Miyako:** The head of the Origami family, then...  
**Chie:** Miyako...  
**Miyako:** That puts us in a bind.  
**Miyako:** She's normally more composed... But she can't go against the head of the Origami family, can she.  
**Chie:** Still, there's more of them than our unit can handle.  
**Makoto:** Chie-san... Miyako-san...  
**Miyako:** You don't have to look so worried. I'll get you through this, Makoto.  
**Makoto:** I-I'll be fine\! I'm a toji myself\!  
**Miyako:** And I feel better having you here.  
**Miyako:** ...Chie, keep an eye on the captain.  
**Chie:** I will.  
**Chie:** ...Makoto.  
**Makoto:** Yes\!  
**Chie:** Be careful not to get separated from Miyako... Once we're home safe, we can wind down with a nice long bath.  
**Miyako:** That's a death flag, you know?  
**Miyako:** ...Look after yourself, Chie.  
**Chie:** You too.  
**Makoto:** MIYAKO-SAN\! MIYAKO-SAN\!\!  
**Miyako:** ......  
**Makoto:** The bleeding won't stop... Why did, we even take this mission...  
**Aradama:** OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\!\!  
**Makoto:** Gh\!  
**Makoto:** LEAVE US ALONE\!  
**Makoto:** If... If Miyako-san isn't treated soon...  
**Makoto:** AAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUGHHHHHH\!\!  
**Makoto:** Over at last... Miyako-san, I have to...  
**Makoto:** Ngh, my vision's fading...  
**Makoto:** I can't, faint here...  
**Makoto:** Need to take Miyako-san...  
**Makoto:** ............  
**Chie:** Miyako\! Makoto\! Where are you\!?  
Chie --\!\!

  
**Chie:** G-Get a medical team right away...  
**Makoto:** (Chie-san's voice...? Thank God... Miyako-san...)  
> :ToCPrevNext