
5-5.1 Time Won't Stop
=====================

## [Due to delays, this chapter will be released in 4 parts.]
https://streamable.com/dqk9ar

  

## 1: Where I Belong
**Mihono:** ...I'm back\!  
**Tsugumi:** Welcome back, Asakura-san.  
**Mihono:** Tsugumi-san\! And...  
**Mihono:** This room hasn't changed one bit, huh.  
**Kofuki:** Well duh, why would it change?  
**Mihono:** Shut up, Fukki\! You're ruining the moment\!  
**Kofuki:** What, were you feeling like crying again?  
**Mihono:** Th-That's not what I'm saying\!  
**Chie:** ...Fufu, how about I pour us some tea? Kiyoka-chan, can you give me a hand?  
**Kiyoka:** Sure\!  
**Yui:** I'll help out too-.  
**Kofuki:** I'll take some milk-.  
**Tsugumi:** Ah, if you mean the milk you bought before, Shichinosato-san, there's none left.  
**Kofuki:** Huh\!? Where'd it go\!  
**Tsugumi:** It was nearly the expiration date, so I drank it.  
**Kofuki:** There was still some time left, wasn't there\!? And hey, if you drank it, then buy me a new one\!  
**Mirja:** That's enough talking about milk. It's time we discussed the issue at hand.  
**Mirja:** Asakura Mihono. Can you tell us about what happened with Hitakami Makoto?  
**Mihono:** ......  
**Mihono:** I can.  
**Mihono:** Umm, after all the things they said, my head's honestly a mess right now...  
**Mihono:** But, if Hitakami-san's telling the truth, then... there's a great aradama inside me.  
**Everyone:** \!?  
**Kiyoka:** ...Do you mean that, Hono-chan?  
**Mihono:** When Kashuu Kiyomitsu's power was rampaging... That was really all the powers of this great aradama called Kanayamahime.  
**Kiyoka:** ...  
**Chie:** ...Hey, Mihono-chan?  
**Chie:** Why did... Makoto know all this...?  
**Mirja:** ...I'm wondering the same.  
**Mirja:** In whichever records we looked, there was nothing pertaining to Kashuu Kiyomitsu or the Asakura family.  
**Mirja:** Where did Hitakami Makoto find this information?  
**Mihono:** It sounds like she's... a distant relative of mine. Hitakami-san's and my family... Apparently, we used to be the Atago family...  
**Mirja:** Atago... you say?  
**Mihono:** And apparently, five hundred years ago, a miko from the Atago family sealed the great aradama in her own body.  
**Mihono:** That great aradama got passed down all this time by the Atago... the Asakura family...  
**Kofuki:** So then, why's it waking up now? Wasn't it fine for five hundred years?  
**Mihono:** ...  
**Kiyoka:** Does it have something to do with the tip of Kashuu Kiyomitsu breaking off...?  
**Mirja:** ...It's difficult to say anything in our current situation. We don't have enough information to draw any conclusions.  
**Mirja:** At any rate, our immediate next step should be to verify the factuality of what we've learned. Not everything Hitakami Makoto said may necessarily be true.  
**Chie:** We'll do something about this, whatever it takes. I promise I'll get you through this, Mihono-chan.  
**Mihono:** Chii-nee...  
**Chie:** So please... Don't do anything reckless again. Promise me...  
**Mihono:** ...Mm. I promise.  
**Yui:** Hey hey, let's leave the serious talk at that and switch over to talking about our sleepover\!  
**Mihono:** Our sleepover?  
**Kiyoka:** That's right\!  
**Kiyoka:** You've been looking down lately, haven't you, Hono-chan? So we were talking about buying a bunch of snacks and having a sleepover with everyone.  
**Kofuki:** Won't have to worry about breaking your wallet either, Mihocchi. Cause Chichie and Mirja are paying, right?  
**Mirja:** That was our agreement.  
**Kofuki:** See?  
**Mihono:** ...  
**Mihono:** Fukki... Thanks.  
**Kofuki:** For what?  
**Mihono:** ...I dunno? But, I felt like I should tell you.  
**Kofuki:** Alright then.  
**Tsugumi:** Asakura-san, while they prepare for the sleepover, could you come along with me for a bit?  
**Tsugumi:** Kanayamahime... I think I could get good data from that.  
**Kofuki:** Could you try to read the mood?  
**Tsugumi:** To have Shichinosato-san tell me that...  
**Tsugumi:** Though, it's captured my interest, so I don't think there's anything I can do about it?  
**Kofuki:** Do something about it\!  
**Mihono:** Ahaha\!  
**Mihono:** (Good... Everybody's still the same as always. As long as they're here, I know it'll be alright.)  
https://streamable.com/ki9f22

  

## 2: Phone Call
**Mihono:** ......  
**Mirja:** ......\! This one is the old maid, isn't it\!  
**Mihono:** Ahh\!?  
**Mirja:** That finishes it.  
**Mihono:** Uwaahhh\!? I lost again-\!\!  
**Kofuki:** You suck at this, Mihocchi... And hey, we ran out of drinks.  
**Chie:** Now's a good time, so let's take a break.  
**Yui:** Ah, then, I'm going to step outside for a minute-.  
**Kofuki:** Go buy us something to drink while you're at it-.  
**Yui:** Sure thing-.  
**Yui:** ...Phew. Alright, I've gotta make sure to let her know.  
**Hana:** ...What is it?  
**Yui:** It's been a while, Hana-san. I thought you weren't going to pick up.  
**Hana:** It didn't seem like it was ever going stop ringing. ...What did you need?  
**Yui:** I didn't need anything, it's more like... I had to tell you something? It's about Mihono-chan.  
**Hana:** What about Mihono?  
**Yui:** ...Do you know what the Hitakami faction is?  
**Hana:** That came out of nowhere... Though, I've heard the name before at least.  
**Yui:** Well, it seems like they're getting into experiments like with the Myouga toji project.  
**Hana:** Myouga......  
**Hana:** What does that have to do with Mihono?  
**Yui:** While you haven't been here, there's seriously been so much that's happened...  
**Yui:** So much that it'd take too long to get it all out.  
**Hana:** ......  
**Yui:** ...Hana-san, whatever happens, you'll be there for Mihono-chan, right?  
**Hana:** Yui?  
**Yui:** I'm sorry... It's just... Whenever things calm down, it's like it all comes over me...  
**Yui:** Maybe it's because I heard your voice, I guess.  
**Hana:** ...What happened?  
**Yui:** Please give me an answer.  
**Hana:** ......Of course I will.  
**Yui:** There's a great aradama, Kanayamahime, sealed inside of Mihono-chan's body.  
**Hana:** \!? An evil god... like with Yukari-sama and Hiyori-san...\!?  
**Hana:** What about Mihono\!? Is she alright\!?  
**Yui:** For now, she's still doing okay. But...  
**Yui:** ...Come back to us, Hana-san. We can help Mihono-chan together\!  
**Hana:** I...  
**Hana:** I'm sorry.  
**Yui:** Hana-san\!  
**Hana:** ......Just give me a little longer. I promise... I'll be back.  
**Hana:** So just, give me a little more time...  
> :ToCPrevNext