
5-5.2 Time Won't Stop
=====================
https://streamable.com/1ieuab

  

## 3: A Private Conversation (1)
**Chie:** They're fast asleep now, aren't they. Even though they were so noisy all night.  
**Mirja:** They must be tired. After all that's happened, I can't blame them.  
**Chie:** Though, this works out well. There's something I wanted to talk about with you.  
**Mirja:** It's about Asakura Mihono, isn't it.  
**Chie:** ...What Makoto said... about Kanayamahime. Do you think it's true?  
**Mirja:** This is only my personal opinion, but...  
**Mirja:** That power going rampant... I find it easier to accept it as the power of an evil god than the power of an okatana.  
**Chie:** That... makes sense.  
**Chie:** What exactly... should we be doing? What could we do, to support Mihono-chan...  
**Mirja:** ......  
**Mirja:** There are too many unknowns right now that I don't know where to begin solving it.  
**Mirja:** Let's ask for support from those around us while continuing to search through the records.  
**Mirja:** And, while this may be coming too late, we need to keep close watch for any changes in Asakura Mihono...  
**Chie:** How is that any different from what we were already doing\!\? That's what made Mihono-chan go to Makoto for help\!  
**Chie:** ...Ah. I'm sorry, for raising my voice.  
**Mirja:** ...You don't need to apologize. I feel the same as you.  
**Mirja:** However, we are also responsible for what happened with the Hitakamis, by allowing Asakura Mihono to move freely. We can't allow ourselves to make the same mistake again.  
**Chie:** I know. Next time, I'll be there for Mihono-chan, no matter what.  
**Mirja:** ......It isn't good to be overly eager about it either.  
**Chie:** But, if this goes on and the great aradama awakens, there's no doubt Mihono-chan will be a target for suppression.  
**Mirja:** ...It would come to that, wouldn't it. As a great aradama, Asakura Mihono would be threat to humanity.  
**Chie:** I'm not going to let her end up like Yukari-sama did.  
**Mirja:** ...We won't.  
**Mirja:** First, we should look to the judgment of our superiors. ...Though I'd rather not. I wish I could keep this from being reported.  
**Chie:** Even you're feeling that way, Mirja?  
**Mirja:** Of course I am. What do you think of me?  
**Chie:** Sorry, it's just a little unexpected.  
**Mirja:** ...I understand that would only be running away from the issue, but I don't want this to become known by anyone.  
**Mirja:** The response to Asakura Mihono carrying Kanayamahime is not going to be a lenient one...  
**Chie:** ......  
**Chie:** ...I'll help look through the records with you.  
**Mirja:** That would help.  
**Chie:** Do you think that... there's any way to pull Kanayamahime out of Mihono-chan, or make the seal stable?  
**Mirja:** It's a slim chance to hope for. However, it's all we can do.  
**Mirja:** That, and one more thing...  
**Chie:** What's that?  
**Mirja:** Should we remove Asakura Mihono from her duties?  
https://streamable.com/px00g3

  

## 4: A Private Conversation (2)
**Mihono:** Does that mean... you're taking me off the investigation team?  
**Mihono:** But I don't want that\! I want to stay with the team\!  
**Mirja:** Please calm down.  
**Mihono:** Hey, say something too, Chii-nee\!  
**Chie:** Listen to us, Mihono-chan.  
**Chie:** We aren't saying to take you out of the investigation team. It's the opposite.  
**Chie:** We want you to support us, so that you can still stay in the investigation team.  
**Mihono:** ...What does that mean?  
**Mirja:** Going about it this way has two benefits. The first is... for political reasons.  
**Mihono:** Political?  
**Mirja:** Information about Kanayamahime will be reported to the government by the Sword Administration Bureau.  
**Mirja:** That's where they would decide how to deal with you.  
**Mihono:** ...  
**Mirja:** We want to lower your chances of being re-assigned somewhere besides the investigation team as much as we can.  
**Mirja:** The fact that the investigation team has chosen this option, and that you would abide by it, shows the investigation team is trying to minimize the risk of the great aradama awakening.  
**Mirja:** I am not sure if this is the best option... But, we want to do whatever we can, no matter how small.  
**Mihono:** (The government...? The conversation's gotten so big my head's spinning...)  
**Mihono:** (Umm... The government won't want the great aradama to wake up. That's what I want too...)  
**Mihono:** (If that's the case, then... They might think it'd be better if I wasn't with the investigation team... Wait?)  
**Mihono:** (Would it be better if I left...?)  
**Mihono:** ......  
**Mihono:** What's the second one?  
**Chie:** For practical reasons... We can buy a little more time for you.  
**Chie:** The more time we have to find a solution for you, the better.  
**Chie:** Though, you might be feeling worried in the meantime...  
**Mihono:** (Chii-nee and Mirja-san are both thinking really hard of how I can stay in the investigation team...)  
**Mihono:** (But...)  
**Mihono:** Would it be better if... I wasn't in the investigation team?  
**Chie/Mirja:** That's not true\!/That isn't the case\!  
**Mihono:** ......  
**Chie:** Please, Mihono-chan. At least until we can find a way to deal with this...  
**Chie:** I want you to wait and believe in us.  
**Mihono:** ......Okay.  
**Mihono:** (It's alright. I know I can believe in you.)  
**Mihono:** I'll be here to support you then\!  
**Mihono:** (I know they'll come up with a good idea, won't they...)  
https://streamable.com/1pfc8d

  

## 5: I'm Not Giving Up (1)
**Mihono:** ......  
**Mihono:** I was always wondering. Why I was seeing this dream.  
**Mihono:** I thought it was Kashuu Kiyomitsu showing it to me, but that's not it.  
**Mihono:** You're Kanayamahime, aren't you?  
**Mihono:** Why are you doing this to me?  
**Mihono:** Give me an answer\!\!  
**Mihono:** -\!\?  
**Mihono:** You're attacking me? Now that I know what you are, you don't care what happens anymore?  
**Mihono:** KYAH\!\?  
**Mihono:** Uuu... This is just... too much...  
**Mihono:** ...\!\?  
**Mihono:** Urgh... The power, feels like it's going to burst out of me...  
**Mihono:** I can't...\! I can't lose control, not here...\!  
**Kanami:** Mihono-chan\!\? Are you okay in there, Mihono-chan\!\?  
**Mihono:** Kanami?  
**Kanami:** You're still conscious, aren't you?  
**Mihono:** Yeah...  
**Mihono:** Sorry, just give me a minute... If I move... right now...  
**Hiyori:** Keep a strong grip on yourself\!  
**Mihono:** Juujou-san...?  
**Hiyori:** Don't worry, we're here with you. So just focus on keeping your power in check.  
**Mihono:** ......Okay.  
**Mihono:** ......Okay, I'm fine now, I think.  
**Mihono:** Sorry you had to wait, Kanami, Juujou-san\! I'll unlock the door now.  
**Kanami:** Mihono-chan... Are you fine now?  
**Mihono:** ...Yeah.  
**Kanami:** ...Thank goodness.  
**Hiyori:** I was having breakfast with Kanami when something felt wrong.  
**Hiyori:** I hoped we'd have come over here for nothing, but...  
**Mihono:** ...  
**Hiyori:** We've heard about how Kashuu Kiyomitsu's power is rampaging.  
**Mihono:** Huh\!\?  
**Hiyori:** I got a call from Kiyoka. She said you were in trouble. Asking if I knew anything that could help.  
**Kanami:** And Kaoru told me, if I knew anything, I should go tell it to you.  
**Kanami:** Mai-chan too, she said Sayaka-chan asked her about it.  
**Kanami:** We're all worried about you, Mihono-chan.  
**Mihono:** ......\!  
**Mihono:** (Kiyoka... Thanks, everybody.)  
**Mihono:** ............  
**Mihono:** Inside of me, there's a great aradama.  
https://streamable.com/ac2s34

  

## 6: I'm Not Giving Up (2)
**Mihono:** ............  
**Mihono:** Inside of me, there's a great aradama.  
**Mihono:** The two of you noticed something, right? That's why you came here all panicked.  
**Kanami:** I had a kind of bad feeling about this... But I hoped it wouldn't be that...  
**Hiyori:** The power of a great aradama... It's not something a person can keep under control. If it's not Kashuu Kiyomitsu, but a great aradama's power that you're losing control of... That explains what you're so worried about.  
**Mihono:** ...Yeah.  
**Hiyori:** A great aradama isn't something someone can resist for years and years. If that great aradama wakes up in you... If you can't keep a firm resolve, you won't be able to hold onto yourself.  
**Mihono:** ............  
**Hiyori:** ...Ah, I'm sorry. This isn't something you need to be hearing right now.  
**Mihono:** No, I get it...  
**Mihono:** It's just... Why did all this have to happen...  
**Kanami:** This great aradama, it was always with you, wasn't it, Mihono-chan?  
**Mihono:** Y-Yeah...  
**Kanami:** Would it be possible... for you to try getting along with it, or something?  
**Mihono:** I don't really know, but...  
**Hiyori:** I won't tell you that's impossible, but... I don't agree with the idea. The moment the great aradama awakens, it's possible Mihono's sense of self will be snuffed out. You shouldn't take this lightly.  
**Kanami:** Ah... Sorry.  
**Mihono:** It's alright\! I know that you're thinking about how to help me, Kanami\!  
**Hiyori:** Mihono. Was there anything passed down for times like these, to deal with the great aradama?  
**Mihono:** ...I don't think there is.  
**Hiyori:** I see. Though, you should try asking at least.  
**Mihono:** O-Okay, I'll ask Grandpa about it.  
**Hiyori:** And also... Don't give up hope.  
**Mihono:** Huh?  
**Hiyori:** The unease you're feeling... I know it too well.  
**Hiyori:** But, you have friends with you. The investigation team, and us too, we'll do everything we can to help you.  
**Kanami:** Hiyori-chan's right\! We'll look and see if there's some way to stop this too\!  
**Mihono:** ...Thanks, Kanami, Juujou-san.  
**Hiyori:** Sure.  
**Hiyori:** (But, if it comes down to it, I'll be the one to...)  
**Kanami:** Hiyori-chan?  
**Hiyori:** ...It's nothing. Anyway, we were in the middle of breakfast, weren't we?  
**Mihono:** ...Ah, my stomach started rumbling as soon as you said breakfast.  
**Hiyori:** It's better if you can stay that relaxed for now. I know it must be hard, but don't dwell on it too much.  
**Mihono:** ...Okay.  
**Kanami:** So then, let's all have breakfast together\!  
> :ToCPrevNext