
5-6.1 Tamayori Toji
===================
https://streamable.com/7kouv9

  

## 1: The Investigation Team Without Mihono (1)
Several days later--

  
**Aradama:** BAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\!  
**Mirja:** Arrived at the scene\! Engaging suppression of aradama\! Asakura Mihono\!  
**Mihono:** Here\!  
**Mirja:** I know you're still not accustomed to this, but please act as our operator\!  
**Mihono:** You can leave it to me, Mirja-san\!  
**Kiyoka:** You'll see, Hono-chan. We'll do all we can so you won't have to worry about us.  
**Mihono:** ...Yeah, do your best, Kiyoka.  
**Kofuki:** I like it better with you gone, Mihocchi. I get way more aradama to play with this way\!  
**Mihono:** Isn't that kinda rude, Fukki...?  
**Yui:** Ahaha.  
**Chie:** Alright, that's enough.  
**Chie:** Everyone, let's stay focused on what we have to do\!  
https://streamable.com/nz7ju8

  

## 2: The Investigation Team Without Mihono (2)
**Mirja:** Kh, these are difficult opponents...  
**Kofuki:** What's wrong with that\! That just makes 'em more fun to fool around with\!  
**Chie:** Kiyoka-chan\! Yui-chan\! Please back me up\!  
**Kiyoka/Yui:** Okay\!  
**Mihono:** Guys...  
**Tsugumi:** They're having a bit of trouble today.  
**Mihono:** ...  
**Tsugumi:** ...The investigation team should be able to handle themselves though.  
**Tsugumi:** Would you like some hot milk? It would help you to relax.  
**Mihono:** ...Ah, sure.  
**Tsugumi:** I'll get it ready.  
**Mihono:** ............  
**Mihono:** So being an operator was this nerve-wracking... I never knew.  
**Tsugumi:** Did you find it much easier when you were part of the fighting yourself...?  
**Mihono:** Hmmm... I don't know if I'd call either way easier... I guess? Being in the fight is hard in its own way...  
**Mihono:** But... it's like, just waiting here is a different kind of hard from when I was fighting...  
**Mihono:** It's frustrating, not being able to do anything...  
**Tsugumi:** ...You're better suited to be a toji, aren't you.  
**Mihono:** Huh?  
**Tsugumi:** Here you go, Asakura-san.  
**Mihono:** ...Thanks a bunch.  
**Mihono:** ......Itsh hot\!  
**Tsugumi:** Please take your time with it.  
**Mihono:** Yeh... [blow- blow-]  
**Yui:** Augh\!\?  
**Mihono:** Ah--\!\?  
**Mihono:** Yui\!\? What happened; are you alright\!\?  
**Yui:** I'm fine, Mihono-chan. I just took a little hit from an aradama is all\!  
**Mihono:** ...Be careful, okay?  
**Yui:** Sure\!  
**Mihono:** (Everybody's working so hard... and I'm the only one not doing anything.)  
**Mihono:** (If I were there, I could fight with Kiyoka and Yui, and back up Fukki, and then Chii-nee and Mirja-san...\!)  
**Mihono:** Ughh\!\?  
**Tsugumi:** Asakura-san\!\?  
**Tsugumi:** Please try to calm down\! If you lose control here...\!  
**Mihono:** It's okay... I don't want to get locked up either... This, isn't that bad...  
**Mihono:** [pant... pant...]  
**Tsugumi:** Asakura-san. Do you want to leave your seat? If you're at risk of rampaging even while acting as an operator...  
**Mihono:** ...It's fine. No matter where I am, this'll probably be the same.  
**Tsugumi:** ...Is that so.  
**Tsugumi:** Let's send an aid request for the investigation team, just to be safe. Please help me with this, Asakura-san.  
**Mihono:** ...Okay.  
**Mihono:** (Just thinking about how I wanted to fight with everybody was enough to almost make me lose it...)  
**Mihono:** (What's... going to happen with me? Can I really keep this up...?)  
https://streamable.com/hafl4m

  

## 3: Tamayori Toji (1)
**Akira:** Huh? The investigation team put out an aid request?  
**Akira:** With how tough they are, those aradama shouldn't be giving them a hard time.  
**Yuuki:** What should we do?  
**Akira:** No point in asking\! Let's get ready to go\!  
**Akira:** We're gonna show off for Mihono\!  
**Yuuki:** Alright\!  
**Akira:** This'll be the first time we put these in action\! Get it in gear\! We're gonna kick some ass\!  
**Tsugumi:** We've put an aid request through to the Sword Administration Bureau. A nearby unit should be on its way.  
**Mirja:** Did you hear that\!\? Just hold out a little longer\!  
**Kofuki:** Huhh\!\? These're MY aradama-chan though\!\?  
**Chie:** We didn't expect there to be this many aradama, or that they'd be so strong. Now's not the time to go pushing ourselves, alright?  
**Kiyoka:** She's right, Kofuki-san.  
**Kofuki:** Then before they get here, I'm gonna have my fill of the fun\!  
**???:** Nah, we're taking over the show from here\!  
**???:** You guys get outta the way\!  
**Kofuki:** ......Huh? What's their deal?  
**Mirja:** That armor looking... Though, it's different from storm armor...  
**Yui:** More importantly, isn't that...  
**Mihono:** Did something happen\!\?  
**???:** That voice... That you, Mihono?  
**Mihono:** ...Are you there, Akira-san?  
**Akira:** Huh, so you weren't here yourself. ...Guess that's why they're struggling with these aradama.  
**Akira:** Mihono. Are you seriously gonna be okay sticking with them?  
**Mihono:** ......  
**Mirja:** Inago Akira\! Looking like that; you couldn't have...  
**Akira:** Yeah. This's tamayori. Cool as hell, right?  
**Mihono:** ...Eh? Why did... you become a tamayori toji... Akira-san...?  
**Yuuki:** I became a tamayori toji too, Mihono-san.  
**Mihono:** Yuuki too\!\?  
**Mihono:** Did Hitakami-san force you to be test subjects instead of me\!\?  
**Akira:** Don't think so low of us\!  
**Mihono:** --\!\?  
**Akira:** This's just what we wanted to happen.  
**Akira:** And you're asking if we got forced into it because of you?  
**Akira:** You think this is a joke or something, Mihono?  
**Mihono:** ......  
**Akira:** Me and Yuuki are gonna show you the kind of power you passed up\!  
**Akira:** Yuuki, we're taking out all the aradama around here\!  
https://streamable.com/irkm8s

  

## 4: Tamayori Toji (2)
**Akira:** ORAAAAAAAAAGHH\!  
**Akira:** Now that's more like it\! The way this was going, it's nowhere near enough\!  
**Akira:** Come on, come on\! Show me what you've gooooooooooooot\!\!  
**Kiyoka:** She beat that many aradama in the blink of an eye...  
**Akira:** Heh, nothing to it. Yuuki\! I'm leaving those ones to you\!  
**Yuuki:** ......  
**Mirja:** What's wrong\!\? If you're having any trouble, we can assist...  
**Yuuki:** I won't need it\!  
**Mirja:** --\!\?  
**Akira:** Oi, oi, Yuuki\! You're makin' the crowd worried cause you're spacing out\!  
**Yuuki:** I wasn't spacing out\!  
**Yuuki:** It's a hassle fighting them one by one, so I was only waiting for them to bunch up\!  
**Yuuki:** From here... please pay close attention\!  
**Yuuki:** HAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH\!\!  
**Yui:** Crazy...  
**Yui:** With that, it's like they don't even need us here... Ah.  
**Chie:** Is this what Makoto was after...?  
**Akira:** You got it wrong. It's not just Makocchan. This's the strength we were all after.  
**Mirja:** Thank you for your reinforcements. However... This doesn't excuse the incident the other day.  
**Akira:** ...You're right.  
**Akira:** I'm sorry about that, Mihono. I promise we won't do something like that again.  
**Mirja:** Do you expect us to believe that?  
**Akira:** All we can say is to trust us. Like you can tell, we managed to make do without Mihono.  
**Mihono:** ...It might've failed, right? Why would you do something so...  
**Akira:** Cause we figured we'd need it. And what are you doing?  
**Mihono:** We're...  
**Yuuki:** Mihono-san\! Please work together with us\! It's for your sake too\!  
**Kiyoka:** Hono-chan isn't going to help you with your ridiculous experiments\!  
**Yuuki:** ...You called it ridiculous?  
**Yuuki:** As you can see, the tamayori experiments were a success. What we'd like Mihono-san's help with is curing the toji who were used as test subjects.  
**Yuuki:** But the people who became test subjects... They gave their resolve to do it.  
**Yuuki:** I won't let you call that ridiclous.  
**Kiyoka:** Uh...  
**Akira:** ...They went and pulled you away from the fighting. Probably cause they don't want to deal with you.  
**Chie:** It's not like that\!  
**Akira:** Talk is cheap, y'know.  
**Akira:** ...Mihono, come with us. We need you.  
**Mihono:** .........  
**Mihono:** I'm sorry. I made up my mind to face Kanayamahime with everybody on the investigation team.  
**Akira:** ...Is that really what you're thinking?  
**Mihono:** Eh?  
**Akira:** Aren't you just running away? The way things are, you're not even beginning to solve anything.  
**Akira:** So what... Are you looking to turn into Kanayamahime?  
**Mihono:** --\!  
**Chie:** That's not going to happen\! Whatever it takes, we're going to save her\!  
**Akira:** No you won't. The only ones who can do that... That'd be us.  
> :ToCPrevNext