
5-7.3 Awakening
===============

## 7: Suppression Order (1\)
At that time--

  
**Maki:** Everyone's here, Yukari-sama\.  
**Yukari:** \.\.\.Kanayamahime has awakened\. Her current whereabouts are unknown\.  
**Everyone:** \!?  
**Chie:** That can't be\.\.\. Why\.\.\.?  
**Kiyoka:** No\.\.\. She said she wouldn't give up\.\.  
**Yui:** Mihono-chan\.\.\.  
**Kofuki:** \.\.\.\!\!  
**Kofuki:** Hey\! What the hell did you do to Mihocchi\!? This came out of nowhere\.\.\. This is bullshit\!  
**Mirja:** \.\.\.Get a hold of yourself, Shichinosato Kofuki\. Origami Yukari-sama, could we have an explanation?  
**Yukari:** If you want to know the specifics, you should hear it from them\. \.\.\.Etou, Juujou\.  
**Kanami:** \.\.\.Okay\.  
**Kanami:** Hiyori-chan and I were waiting on alert at the Ministry of Defense, in case Mihono-chan lost control\.\.\.  
**Kofuki:** Who gives a shit about that\!?  
**Kofuki:** Tell us what happened\!  
**Kanami:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Hiyori:** \.\.\.\.\.\.Mihono attacked someone\.  
**Kofuki:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.Huh? You think this is a joke or what?  
**Kofuki:** Oi, give me a real answer, Kanami\!  
**Kanami:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Kofuki:** Say something\!  
**Hiyori:** It's the truth\!   
**Hiyori:** When Kanami and I heard Mihono went berserk, we went to see her\.  
**Hiyori:** And when we got there\.\.\. we saw toji on the floor and Mihono standing over them\.  
**Tsugumi:** \.\.\.Did Asakura-san really do it? Or did it just look that way?  
**Hiyori:** \.\.\.Who could have made it look like that?  
**Tsugumi:** \.\.\.\.\.\.That's fair\.  
**Hana:** \.\.\.  
**Mirja:** \.\.\.What condition are the toji she attacked in?  
**Maki:** It seems like it only went as far as them losing utsushi\. Thankfully, it wasn't life threatening\.  
**Mai:** At that point\.\.\. was it already Kanayamahime?  
**Hiyori:** No\.\.\.  
**Hiyori:** It was Mihono\.  
**Kanami:** There's no way Mihono-chan could have wanted to hurt anyone though\.\.\.  
**Kanami:** She was really panicked and afraid\.\.\.  
**Kanami:** Seeing her like that\.\.\.  
**Mai:** \.\.\.  
**Mai:** So Mihono-chan attacked them with her okatana?  
**Kofuki:** Hey\! She just said Mihocchi didn't want to hurt anybody\!\!  
**Sayaka:** Stop, Kofuki\.  
**Kofuki:** Why should I\!? They're the ones treating Mihocchi like she tried to kill somebody\!  
**Mai:** It doesn't make sense\.\.\.  
**Sayaka:** Mai? What do you mean\.\.\.?  
**Mai:** Why would Mihono-chan have her okatana?  
**Chie:** \.\.\.Eh?  
**Mirja:** \.\.\.True, you're absolutely right\.  
**Mirja:** After being placed in confinement, Asakura Mihono should not have had Kashuu Kiyomitsu with her\. Isn't that right?  
**Mai:** Yes\.  
**Suzuka:** Kashuu Kiyomitsu was confiscated while Asakura-san was confined\. It's currently in secure custody\.\.\. or should have been\. It seems that someone brought it out\.  
**Ellen:** \.\.\.On top of that, there's one other thing that caught my attention\.  
**Ellen:** Kanamin and Hiyoyon, you two were stationed at the Ministry of Defense in case Mihomiho went berserk, right?  
**Ellen:** So then, why did some other toji go up against Mihomiho before you two?  
**Kaoru:**　\.\.\.This whole thing's fishy\.  
**Kaoru:** I don't who, but somebody's going around pulling the strings here\.  
**Mihono:** Mai\.\.\. did somebody frame Mihono?  
**Mai:** \.\.\.I think that's probably it\.  
**Mai:** In order to make Kanayamahime awaken\.\.\.  
**Yukari:** The Hitakami faction is already taking action\. If you want to save Asakura\.\.\. you'll have to reach her before the Hitakami faction does\.  

## 8: Suppression Order (2\)
**Maki:** Once you've decided on your plan, let us know\. We'll follow along with it\.  
**Mirja:** The Special Defense Team will be assisting us?  
**Maki:** It's on Akane-sama's order\.  
**Hiyori:** With all these top toji, we can settle this quick\. I'll use my Hitotsu no Tachi\.  
**Kanami:** You can't do that, Hiyori-chan\!  
**Kanami:** Even if it brings Mihono-chan back, there's no point if you're gone\!  
**Hiyori:** Still, we don't have any other options\.  
**Mirja:** No, Etou Kanami is correct here\.  
**Mirja:** If you were to use Hitotsu no Tachi to suppress Kanayamahime, there's the potential for it to repeat the effects of the Kamakura Special Hazardous Waste Leakage Issue\.  
**Mirja:** In the current state of things, with the rampant frequency of aradama appearances, using Hitotsu no Tachi poses too much of a risk\.  
**Friedman:** Thinking about that won't do us much good now though\.  
**Ellen:** Grandpa\!  
**Kaoru:** What's the old man doing here?  
**Friedman:** I thought I might be some help\.  
**Friedman:** Whether or not this could repeat the effects of the Special Hazardous Waste Leakage Issue, there's too little information on just what kind of aradama Kanayamahime is\.  
**Friedman:** We could just as easily assume it would do the same thing as with Tagitsuhime, or that it wouldn't\.  
**Kaoru:** So we're in the dark\.  
**Friedman:** \.\.\.You all have the choice of three paths to commit to\. The first: consider Mihono-kun as Kanayamahime and suppress her\.  
**Kiyoka:** We're not going to do that\!  
**Friedman:** I know\. The second: Hiyori-kun will use Hitotsu no Tachi, saving Mihono-kun\.  
**Kanami:** We're not doing that either\.  
**Friedman:** Then, the third option: Mihono-kun is saved, without sacrificing Hiyori-kun\.  
**Chie:** There's a way to make that happen\.\.\.?  
**Friedman:** \.\.\.I'm sorry to say, we haven't found a means to doing that\.  
**Friedman:** Still, there isn't very much time to mull it over\. The tamayori toji are already making their move\.  
**Mirja:** \.\.\.We'll move out as well\.  
**Mirja:** If we can't find Asakura Mihono before the Hitakami Faction does, she won't survive\.  
