
5-7.2 Awakening
===============

## 4: I Want to Be With My Friends (1\)
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.Sigh, they're all gone again\.  
**Mihono:** But\.\.\. Yeah\. I'm feeling better\. I mean, I never got to talk to anybody ever since they put me in here\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** UWAAAAHH------\!  
**Mihono:** I was hugging Chii-nee and crying right in front of everybody\!? Now I'm all embarrassed thinking back on it--\!  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.Aha, what am I even doing anymore\.  
**Mihono:** I guess I felt like there was nothing I could do\.\.\. but\.\.\. I'm fine now\.  
**Mihono:** They all haven't given up yet\. So, I'm\.\.\. definitely not giving up either\!  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Kanayamahime\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Do you want to tell me something?  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.I'm not going to give up\.  
**Mihono:** I thought, so long as I stayed in here\.\.\. that might be what's best\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** But, everybody said they want me with them\.  
**Mihono:** So, I'm going to get out of here no matter what\.\.\. I'm going to get back to them\.  
**Mihono:** Back to the investigation team\.\.\. Back to Chii-nee, and Kiyoka, Fukki, Mirja-san, Yui, Tsugumi-san, Hana\.\.\. Kanami and everybody\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Cause I still want to be a toji\!  
**Mihono:** So I'll do it\!  

## 5: I Want to Be With My Friends (2\)
**Mihono:** \.\.\.Eh?  
**Mihono:** Oh no-- they got attacked\.\.\.\! \.\.\.Wait?  
**Mihono:** Why do I\.\.\. have Kashuu Kiyomitsu\.\.\.?  
**Mihono:** Did\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** I\.\.\. attack them?  
**Mihono:** N-No\.\.\.  
**Kanami:** Mihono-chan\!\! \.\.\.\!? That's\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Kanami\.\.\. It's not like that, it's not\.\.\.  
**Hiyori:** Did you\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** No, I wasn't; I didn't mean to\.\.\.  
**Kanami:** We get it\! We get it, okay, so\.\.\. Calm down, Mihono-chan\!  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.I didn't want, this\.\.\. I still wanted, to be with everybody\.\.\.  
**Hiyori:** MIHONO\!\!  
**Mihono:** NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\!\!  

## 6: Destroy Kanayamahime
In the dead of night--

  
**Akira:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Yuuki:** \.\.\.Why do you think she called us for this late?  
**Akira:** \.\.\.You'll know when Makocchan gets here\. Anyway, how're you feeling now?  
**Akira:** Your cold doing better?  
**Yuuki:** Yep, I feel fine now\. If anything, I feel like I'd get weaker if I rested any more\.  
**Akira:** Alright\.  
**Akira:** \.\.\.If it ever feels like too much for you, let me know\. It's gonna be a rough night\.  
**Yuuki:** \.\.\.Akira-nee-sama? Do you know what's going on?  
**Makoto:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Makoto:** Inago, Toribane\.  
**Akira/Yuuki:** Yes\.  
**Makoto:** It seems that Kanayamahime has awakened\.  
**Akira:** \.\.\.\.\.\.Yeah\.  
**Yuuki:** Why are you so calm about that\!?  
**Yuuki:** What are you talking about, Nee-sama\!? What about Mihono-san\.\.\.  
**Makoto:** Kanayamahime cut down the toji guarding her and is currently missing\.  
**Akira:** \.\.\.\!  
**Makoto:** Strike down and exorcise Kanayamahime at once\. This is what tamayori toji are for\.  
**Yuuki:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Makoto:** You'll take care of it, won't you?  
**Akira:** I will\.  
**Yuuki:** \.\.\.\.\.\.I will\.  
**Yuuki:** I really wish it didn't come to this\.\.\. but, if you order it, Makoto-nee-sama, then that's all there is to it\.  
**Yuuki:** I'll strike down Kanayamahime\.  
**Akira:** Makocchan\.  
**Makoto:** Yes?  
**Akira:** About Yuuki\.\.\.  
**Makoto:** What about Toribane?  
**Akira:** \.\.\.\.\.\.Nah, it's nothing\. Let's go\.  
**Yuuki:** Right\!  
**Makoto:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Makoto:** \.\.\.Is there anyone there?  
**Hitakami Toji:** What do you need?  
**Makoto:** Please make this announcement to all toji\.  
**Makoto:** We, the Hitakami faction, will destroy Kanayamahime\! Allow Inago and Toribane to reach Kanayamahime by all means\!  
