
5-8.3 One With the Flame
========================

## 8: An Answer
**Mihono:** It's hard getting close, cause of this fire\.\.\.\!  
**Kanayamahime:** Please withstand it a little longer\.  
**Mihono:** A little longer\.\.\.?  
**Kanayamahime:** Yes\.  
**Mihono:** If you're sure, then I'll do what I can, but\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.Wait? Is it me, or is it getting less hot?  
**Kanayamahime:** The miko are beginning to have an effect\. Let's wait a little longer\.  
**Mihono:** The miko?  
**Kanaymahime:** The miko outside, who are trying to save you\. I asked the miko for their aid\.  
**Mihono:** They're here\.\.\. But\.\.\. why?  
**Kanaymahime:** What is it you want to know?  
**Mihono:** Why are you helping me, Kanayamahime?  
**Kanayamahime:** I have not done anything\.  
**Kanayamahime:** If I helped you as you asked, Kagutsuchi would grow stronger\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.Huh?  
**Kanayamahime:** My power is Kagutsuchi's power\. It would consume you\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Why\.\.\. are you worried about me?  
**Mihono:** Because of my ancestors, you ended up being\.\.\.  
**Kanayamahime:** The Atago gave me a place to belong\.  
**Kanayamahime:** The Atago bloodline is where I belong\. That is where I have slept\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.  
**Kanayamahime:** I wish to be with you\.  
**Mihono:** With me\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** You just want to be together with me\.\.\.?  
**Kanayamahime:** I do\.  
**Mihono:** And, that's why you gave me your power\.\.\.  
**Kanayamahime:** Yes\.  
**Kanayamahime:** Yet, I cannot stand against Kagutsuchi\. My power is Kagutsuchi's power\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** So you just wanted to be together with me\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** And that dream\.\.\. and me losing control\.\.\. None of that was stuff you wanted to happen\.\.\.  
**Kanayamahaime:** You were the one who sought for it, Mihono\.  
**Mihono:** \!?  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.I did?  
**Mihono:** That's what\.\.\. I wanted?  
**Kanayamahime:** You did\.  
**Kanayamahime:** You wished for power\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.Yeah, you're right that I kept asking for more from Kashuu Kiyomitsu\.  
**Mihono:** I thought, if I had Kashuu Kiyomitsu's power\.\.\. if I had your power\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.So that's why\.  
**Mihono:** You were just answering what I wanted\.  
**Mihono:** Cause I was weak and kept choosing the easy way\.\.\. I just figured I'd use your power, and stopped improving on my own\.\.\.  
**Kanayamahime:** I do not mind\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.I can't do that\.  
**Kanayamahime:** You won't?  
**Mihono:** I mean, you just want to be together with me, right, Kanayamahime?  
**Mihono:** So then, all you have to do is be with me\! You don't have to do anything if I'm being selfish\!  
**Kanayamahime:** What do you mean?  
**Mihono:** It shouldn't have to do with whether I want something or not\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Let's just be together\!  
**Mihono:** If you don't like something, say no\! If you want to help me, then help me\!  
**Mihono:** You should be the one to decide, not me\!  
**Mihono:** We should be more like that\!  
**Kanayamahime:** But, my promise with the Atago\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** What happened in the past doesn't matter\!  
**Mihono:** Cause this is just about you and me\! We're just talking about how the two of us should be together\!  
**Mihono:** And I think\.\.\. we should be equals\!  
**Kanayamahime:** Equals\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** The way things are\.\.\. all I'm doing is using you\. I'll definitely end up depending too much on you again\.  
**Mihono:** And I'd hate to do that\!  
**Mihono:** So let's just be together in our own way\!  
**Mihono:** So what do you think, Kanayamahime? Are you okay with that\!?  
**Kanayamahime:** I think, so long as I can be with you, Mihono, it would be fine\.  
**Mihono:** That's not what I mean\! Don't you have anything you want besides that?  
**Kanayamahime:** This is difficult\.  
**Kanayamahime:** \.\.\.Ah\.  
**Mihono:** Did you think of something?  
**Kanayamahime:** I wish to save you\. That is what I desire\.  
**Kanayamahime:** Which is why I will oppose Kagutsuchi\.  
**Mihono:** Okay\!  
**Kanayamahime:** \.\.\.\.\.\.This is fine with you, Mihono?  
**Kanayamahime:** Very well\.  
**Kanayamahime:** I will follow my own desire and destroy Kagutsuchi\.  
**Mihono:** Sure\! Help me out, Kanayamahime\!   

## 9: To Exorcise Kagutsuchi (1\)
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Chie:** She stopped\.\.\. moving?  
**Chie:** Mihono-chan\.\.\.?  
**Kiyoka:** Hono-chan\! Can you hear us\!?  
**Yui:** Come back to us, Mihono-chan\!  
**Hana:** Mihono\!   
**Kofuki:** If you don't get your ass back here, I'm not messing around with you anymore, Mihocchi\!  
**Mirja:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Akira:** You're sure keeping your cool about this\.  
**Mirja:** That's my responsibility\.  
**Mirja:** If the worst should happen\.\.\. Please handle the rest\.  
**Akira:** \.\.\.Yeah\.  
**Mihono?:** A\.\.\.gh\.\.\.  
**Everyone:** --\!  
**Ellen:** \.\.\.Want to make a bet, Kaoru?  
**Kaoru:** If you're okay with letting me bet she'll be fine\.  
**Ellen:** Oh, then it's not much of a bet\.  
**Kaoru:** Figured as much\.  
**Kaoru:** All the bets are off, so you'd better come back, Mihono\!  
**Mihono?:** Ugh\.\.\. ghh\.\.\.  
**Sayaka:** Mai\.\.\.  
**Mai:** It's alright, Sayaka-chan\.  
**Mai:** I'm sure\.\.\. she'll be smiling just like usual\.  
**Sayaka:** \.\.\.Mm\.  
**Sayaka:** Mihono\.\.\.\!  
**Mihono?:** \.\.\.  
**Kanami:** Mihono-chan'll definitely beat Kanayamahime\!  
**Hiyori:** That's right\! Everyone's waiting here for you to come back\!  
**Kanami:** So\.\.\. We believe in you, Mihono-chan\!\!  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Ah-- it's everybody\.  
**Everyone:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Kofuki:** "Ah-- it's everybody"; is that all you've got to say, Dumbacchi\!?  
**Mihono:** Dumbacchi\!?  
**Chie:** It's you, isn't it, Mihono-chan?  
**Chie:** Thank goodness\.\.\.\! Mihono-chan\.\.\. Mihono-chan\.\.\.\!  
**Mihono:** Sorry for making you worry, Chii-nee\.  
**Kiyoka:** Really, Hono-chan\!  
**Chie:** Chie-san's not the only one you made worry\!  
**Mihono:** I know, Kiyoka\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.Thanks\.  
**Yui:** \.\.\.\.\.\.  
**Hana:** Yui?  
**Yui:** It's just, it's too precious\.\.\.  
**Yui:** I just love the investigation team so much\.\.\.  
**Hana:** \.\.\.Sure\.  
**Hana:** It's just not the team without Mihono\.  

## 10: To Exorcise Kagutsuchi (2\)
**Mirja:** Asakura Mihono, is it safe to assume the issue with Kanayamahime has been settled?  
**Mihono:** Yeah, Kanayamahime's fine now\. Right, Kanayamahime?  
**Kanayamahime:** \.\.\.  
**Hiyori:** --\!?  
**Hiyori:** \.\.\.That's Kanayamahime?  
**Kanami:** \.\.\.?  
**Kanami:** She's like Mihono-chan before, but different\.\.\.?  
**Hiyori:** What are you talking about?  
**Kanami:** Mihono-chan before felt a lot more aggressive, but Kanayamahime's a lot calmer\.\.\.  
**Akira:** What's that got to do with anything\!  
**Mihono:** Stop\!\!  
**Akira:** Get outta the way\! This isn't gonna end until we kill her\!  
**Mihono:** But, Kanayamahime isn't the bad one\!  
**Akira:** Who do you think you're fooling\!?  
**Akira:** Killing her's the only way to stop anybody else from getting hurt\!\!  
**Mihono:** But Kanayamahime wasn't doing any of the bad stuff; that was Kagutsuchi\!\!  
**Akira:** I've gotta make this right\! And the only way to do that's by killing and exorcising Kanayamahime\!\!  
**Akira:** That's what this comes down to at this point\!  
**Mihono:** I don't care about any of that\!\!  
**Akira:** What're you, stupid\!\!  
**Mihono:** I am stupid-\!\!  
**Akira:** \.\.\.Whatever happens, you asked for it\.  
**Mihono:** I'm not letting you kill her\. Kanayamahime, get behind me\.  
**Kanayamahime:** \.\.\.I will not\. Please step out of the way, Mihono\.  
**Mihono:** Kanayamahime?  
**Kanayamahime:** I will follow my own wishes and fight this miko\.  
**Akira:** Fine by me\! Nobody else has to get involved\!  
**Mihono:** You can't either, Kanayamahime\! We're absolutely going to need Akira-san's help for beating Kagutsuchi\!  
**Mirja:** Asakura Mihono, what is Kagutsuchi\.\.\.? And, we'll need to defeat it?  
**Mihono:** Kagutsuchi's Kanayamahime's main body\.  
**Mihono:** Kanayamahime just wants to be with me\.  
**Mihono:** Kanayamahime's not the one who wants to mess everything up; that's Kagutsuchi\!  
**Mihono:** Isn't that right, Kanayamahime?  
**Kanayamahime:** It is\.  
**Kiyoka:** She is a great aradama\.\.\. isn't she? She's kind of, awfully well behaved\.\.\.  
**Yui:** Like she's, totally hooked on Mihono-chan\.\.\.?  
**Hana:** Hooked on her? That's a real Yui way of putting it\.  
**Hana:** Though\.\.\. Yeah\. She doesn't look like she wants to hurt anybody\.  
**Mihono:** If we beat Kagutsuchi, Kanayamahime shouldn't end up hurting anybody anymore\!  
**Kaoru:** What, like Nene?  
**Mihono:** Like that\!  
**Kaoru:** Then, I don't see why not\. If she's not dangerous, it'd be too much work fighting her\.  
**Ellen:** For sure\! Friendly aradama are always welcome\!  
**Hiyori:** It turned out just like you said, in the end\.  
**Kanami:** Eh?  
**Hiyori:** Remember what you said in Mihono's room?  
**Hiyori:** How, we should try getting along with a great aradama\.  
**Kanami:** I was only thinking it might worth trying\.\.\. Mihono-chan's the one who went through all this to get here\.  
**Kofuki:** Getting along with an aradama? We're doing this again\.\.\.?  
**Kiyoka:** There's no stopping Hono-chan with that\.  
**Hana:** Mihono's really rubbing off on you guys\.  
**Hana:** \.\.\.Though I guess it's the same for me\.  
**Akira:** Aghh\.\.\. That's not the issue here\.  
**Akira:** I'm suppressing Kanayamahime\. That's not changing\.  
**Akira:** If I've gotta smack you all down getting to her, don't think I won't\.  
**Mihono:** That's what I'm saying though; instead of Kanayamahime, let's work together to beat Kagutsuchi\!  
**Akira:** Not happening\.  
**Akira:** This one's gotta go\. \.\.\.\.\.\.Oi, we're picking up where we left off\. You good to go?  
**Kanayamahime:** I am not\.  
**Akira:** Hahh?  
**Kanayamahime:** There would be no reason for it\.  
**Kanayamahime:** Kagutsuchi and myself are one\. If Kagutsuchi were to be exorcised, I would be gone as well\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.\.Huh?  
**Mihono:** W-Wait, you didn't say anything about that\! Weren't we going to fight Kagutsuchi cause you wanted to be together with me\!?  
**Kanayamahime:** That's not correct\.  
**Kanayamahime:** I had two desires\. Both of them contradicted the other\. So I chose my desire to protect you\.  
**Mihono:** But, we can't do that\.\.\.  
**Mihono:** Isn't there something else we can do?  
**Mihono:** Some way to beat just Kagutsuchi, and you'll still be here?  
**Kanayamahime:** There is no such thing\.  
**Kanayamahime:** Only one of my desires can be granted\.  
**Kanami:** Kanayamahime's kindhearted, isn't she\.\.\.  
**Kanami:** I think I know how she feels\.\.\. wanting to be with Mihono-chan\.  
**Mihono:** \.\.\.See?  
**Akira:** Tch, this is all out of whack\. If we beat Kagutsuchi, you're gone too, right?  
**Kanayamahime:** Yes\.  
**Akira:** \.\.\.Then fine\.  
**Akira:** I'll just have to tear Kagutsuchi apart\.  
