
5-6.3 Tamayori Toji
===================
https://streamable.com/e0v8nz

  

## 8: A Rolling Stone (1)
**Announcer:** Tamayori toji are making another strong showing today\! For today's commentary, we have...  
**Richard Friedman:** Heeey, could I get a hand carrying these documents in?  
**Ellen:** Yes, Grandpa\! Come help too, Kaoru\!  
**Kaoru:** Do I have to... What do you want me to carry?  
**Friedman:** Thanks, the both of you. Here, you can take this.  
**Kaoru:** ...So heavy\! What's with the amount of papers in here\!?  
**Ellen:** These are... Documents on myouga toji?  
**Tsugumi:** Yes. We prepared them for an investigation of tamayori toji.  
**Kaoru:** Is that what you were up to?  
**Friedman:** This is what I had originally put together for my interview with Hitakami Makoto-kun.  
**Friedman:** Though she turned me down.  
**Yui:** M-Make way please-\! I've got some more documents-\!  
**Kaoru:** Whoa\!? There's still more\!?  
**Chie:** This is all data on tamayori toji. Some of it is what Makoto published, but some of it was gathered independently.  
**Ellen:** Independently...?  
**Mirja:** It seems to be data that Origami Yukari-sama had independently collected.  
**Kiyoka:** Ooph... I wonder if that's all of them?  
**Friedman:** Thanks, you were a big help.  
**Friedman:** Now then. I'm sure you're all curious to find out the results of our investigation.  
**Mihono:** ......  
**Friedman:** First off, Hitakami Makoto-kun didn't lie to us. Its capabilities against aradama are greater than myouga toji, and the effects on the body aren't as drastic.  
**Mihono:** So basically... that means tamayori toji are safe?  
**Friedman:** It's a little too soon to come to that conclusion.  
**Friedman:** This is only talking about the capabilities, but the problem is, what kind of effects does it have on the body?  
**Friedman:** And about that... She phrased it very deliberately. It has "practically" no effects on a toji.  
**Tsugumi:** Not all that much time has passed since they began using tamayori toji, but side-effects seem to already be showing.  
**Mihono:** Huh\!?  
**Tsugumi:** So far, it's confirmed to have had an effect on their physical condition.  
**Friedman:** It doesn't look to have any effects on the mind like with myouga toji, but it's started having an influence elsewhere.  
**Friedman:** Though the impact only seems minor so far.  
**Yui:** So basically... we don't have to worry too much for now?  
**Friedman:** No, it's not as simple as that.  
**Friedman:** To give an example... How about this. Think of tamayori toji like catching a cold.  
**Friedman:** Inago-kun and Toribane-kun are only showing a fever. But... the toji who experienced it before them are showing signs of pneumonia and other worse conditions.  
**Friedman:** And there's no guarantee Inago-kun and Toribane-kun's cases won't escalate to that point.  
**Mirja:** Then you're saying, if for whatever reason, they're unable to regulate their noro, they might become like the tamayori toji test subject we saw before?  
**Friedman:** That's how it is.  
**Friedman:** And, whatever it could take to cause that, it could be happening at this very moment for all we know.  
**Friedman:** ...This technology wasn't ready to be implemented yet. That's what I believe.  
**Chie:** ......  
https://streamable.com/00ddlq

  

## 9: A Rolling Stone (2)
**Chie:** Ellen-san\!  
**Ellen:** Chie? What's wrong?  
**Chie:** There's something I wanted to discuss with you.  
**Chie:** ......I want to talk with Makoto. Please, help me out, Ellen-san\!  
**Ellen:** I don't mind helping, but, why did you come to me?  
**Chie:** Right now... I don't want Mihono-chan coming near Makoto. I can't make the investigation team act on this.  
**Ellen:** ......  
**Ellen:** Alright then\! Let's come up with a plan to go see Makoto\!  
**Akane:** You want to meet and speak with Hitakami Makoto-san...?  
**Ellen:** Yes\! And, we were planning on bringing Grandpa, to discuss tamayori toji with her, with Chie and myself as his guards.  
**Chie:** Please let us go. I want to talk with Makoto... at least once.  
**Akane:** ...Very well then.  
**Chie:** Thank you very much\!  
**Akane:** However, I'll be adding one more member. Suzuka-san from the Special Defense Team will be accompanying you.  
**Ellen:** It'll be reassuring having Hanahana along\!  
**Akane:** We can work out the details here, if you would.  
...Several days later.

  
**Kiyoka:** It's been a while since we had a day off, hasn't it\!  
**Mihono:** They sorta gave us a break all of a sudden, but... is it really okay for us to not be doing anything?  
**Yui:** It's fine, it's fine\! Things have been really rough lately, so we've gotta find time to relax too\!  
**???:** Are you Asakura Mihono?  
**Mihono:** That's me...?  
**Kiyoka:** ...Who are you?  
**???:** I'll need you to come quietly with us.  
**Kiyoka:** Yui-chan...  
**Yui:** Yeah... Mihono-chan, you stand back\!  
https://streamable.com/07vo32

  

## 10: Back to Tohoku (1)
**???:** Kh...  
**Kiyoka:** Attacking us out of nowhere like that... What are you after?  
**Yui:** I'll take a pretty lady coming after me any day, so it's too bad that's not what you're here for.  
**Mihono:** Did Hitakami-san order you to do this...?  
**Yui:** Boss said they wouldn't be coming after Mihono-chan anymore though?  
**???:** ...There's still a use for you.  
**Kiyoka:** A use for her... Is that all Hono-chan is to you\!?  
**Yui:** ...Take it easy, Kiyoka-chan. For starters, what do you mean, there's a use for her?  
**Yui:** Does that mean Mihono-chan's going to keep being targeted in the future?  
**???:** To get Kanayamahime... we're willing to do anything it takes.  
**???:** While we're talking, my partners should have taken Richard Friedman and his guards captive.  
**Mihono:** Friedman-san and his guards...?  
**Kiyoka:** Yui-chan... Does she mean...?  
**Yui:** ...Yeah.  
**Mihono:** Kiyoka? Yui? Do you two know something about this...?  
**???:** It looks like they kept it secret from you.  
**Kiyoka:** ...Today, Friedman-san, Chie-san, Ellen-san, and Konohana-san were going to talk with Hitakami Makoto-san...  
**Mihono:** But, nobody told me about that\!  
**Yui:** Just calm down, Mihono-chan.  
**Yui:** Chie-san talked to us about it. She didn't want to make you worried, so we shouldn't let you know.  
**Yui:** Since they succeeded with tamayori toji, they were only going there to talk, so it should be fine...  
**???:** Fufu...  
**Mihono:** --\! I-I'm going to try calling Chii-nee\!  
**Mihono:** ............  
**Mihono:** It's no good; she's not picking up\!  
https://streamable.com/i9xai9

  

## 11: Back to Tohoku (2)
**Mihono:** ............  
**Mihono:** It's no good; she's not picking up\!  
**???:** It's pointless.  
**Mihono:** I'm going to call Mirja-san.  
**Mirja:** This is Kitora Mirja.  
**Mihono:** Mirja-san, are you there\!? It's Chii-nee, they got Chii-nee\!  
**Mirja:** ...What do you mean? Calm down and explain everything to me, Asakura Mihono.  
**Mihono:** Uhh, we got attacked by somebody who seems to be working for Hitakami-san, and they said they took Chii-nee captive\!  
**Mirja:** The Hitakami faction is attacking you...?  
**Mirja:** I understand; I'll try contacting Setouchi Chie from here as well...  
**Mirja:** ............  
**Mirja:** You're right; I can't reach her.  
**Mihono:** What should we do\!?  
**Mirja:** You need to calm down.  
**Mirja:** Including Setouchi Chie, the toji who went to speak with Hitakami Makoto are all highly capable. They wouldn't be taken captive by the Hitakami faction so easily.  
**Mirja:** Above all, it would be wise to consider that this could be a trap. First, we need to question this Hitakami toji who attacked you...  
**Mihono:** I don't care if it's a trap\!  
**Mihono:** The Hitakamis have tamayori toji... There's Akira-san and Yuuki there, right\!?  
**Mihono:** If they had to protect Friedman-san, then even Chii-nee and them could've...  
**Mirja:** Before anything, we need to contact Setouchi Chie and the others. Even if we can't reach them by phone, there are other ways to...  
**Mihono:** What are you going to do if it's too late\!?  
**Mirja:** ...Please calm down. The next time you lose control, you are going to lose your freedom.  
**Mihono:** I know that, but I can't help it\!\! If I don't go save Chii-nee right now... I know I'll regret it for the rest of my life\!\!  
**Mirja:** Asakura Mihono...  
**Mirja:** (...I need to avoid letting her become any more unstable. There's no way of knowing what could trigger her next rampage. Staying in contact with her through this remains the best option...)  
**Mirja:** Fine then. However, I cannot allow you to be sent there alone.  
**Mirja:** All members of the investigation team will go.  
> :ToCPrevNext