
5-7.1 Awakening
===============

## 1: To See Her
**Yui:** Are you there, Hana-san? It's Yamashiro.  
**Yui:** Things are kind of a mess right now, so I'm just leaving you a message.  
**Yui:** ............  
**Yui:** ...Mihono-chan... got put in confinement. They said, we won't get to see her again...  
**Yui:** What should I do, Hana-san...  
**Hana:** What do you mean, Mihono got put in confinement\!?  
**Yui:** Ah-- Hana-san...  
**Mirja:** It's been some time, Suzumoto Hana. You finally came to see us.  
**Hana:** Mirja-senpai... I still don't know... how I'm supposed to face all of you...  
**Hana:** But still...\!  
**Hana:** I heard that Mihono got put in confinement... Does it have to do with that great aradama\!?  
**Mirja:** ...Did Yamashiro Yui tell you about that?  
**Yui:** ...I'm sorry. I felt like, I should let Hana-san know...  
**Mirja:** I don't mean to criticize you for it.  
**Mirja:** ...It makes this conversation quicker. Asakura Mihono is in a state where there's no telling when the great aradama's power will run rampant.  
**Mirja:** You understand the danger of the situation... don't you?  
**Hana:** I do...  
**Mirja:** When Asakura Mihono lost control of the great aradama's power, it was decided that she would be put in confinement.  
**Hana:** She lost control\!? How's Mihono doing\!?  
**Mirja:** ...She's fine, for now.  
**Hana:** Thank goodness...  
**Hana:** ...? By the way, where's the rest of the investigation team?  
**Mirja:** Ban Tsugumi is at her research lab.  
**Mirja:** Shichinosato Kofuki and Musumi Kiyoka... went to the Ministry of Defense. Setouchi Chie joined them, to make sure they didn't do anything unreasonable.  
**Mirja:** ...Though, as I see it, Setouchi Chie herself is the one most likely to be unreasonable...  
**Hana:** The Ministry of Defense?  
**Mirja:** Do you remember the facility where Takirihime was held in custody?  
**Mirja:** Asakura Mihono has been quarantined in that same facility.  
**Hana:** ...Alright. I'm going to the Ministry of Defense too.  
**Mirja:** There's no point in going.  
**Hana:** Huh?  
**Mirja:** ...We're forbidden from meeting with her. The three of them know they can't see her... but I suppose they couldn't wait here.  
**Hana:** But, then... Mihono...  
**Mirja:** We can't leave here unattended, so the two of us remained behind...  
**Yui:** ...To be honest, we don't know what to do. I went along with Kiyoka-chan and them at first, but they wouldn't listen to anything we said.  
**Hana:** ......\!  
**Hana:** Let's see Mihono.  
**Yui:** If they'd let anybody in, we would... but...  
**Hana:** The investigation team can do it. The team's attached to the Origami family now, isn't it?  
**Yui:** Ah\!  
**Mirja:** ......  
**Mirja:** I had considered that possibility myself, but...  
**Hana:** It might be mixing up private and official matters pretty badly... but that's not what matters most right now.  
**Hana:** Let's go and see Mihono\!  

## 2: Visit (1)
**Mirja:** Thank you very much for hearing out our unreasonable request, Origami Yukari-sama.  
**Yukari:** I was concerned for Asakura as well.  
**Yukari:** Though... This is likely the first and last meeting we'll get. I can't keep making this happen.  
**Chie:** I understand.  
**Yukari:** ...Let's go.  
**Kanami:** Huh? The investigation team's here?  
**Kofuki:** What're you two doing here?  
**Hiyori:** ...It's our assignment.  
**Yukari:** We had the two of them stationed here. There aren't many toji who would be able to respond to Asakura when she loses control.  
**Kiyoka:** Then, you two get to see Hono-chan...  
**Kanami:** ...No, we don't get to visit her either.  
**Hiyori:** The only time we'd get to see her... is when we have to stop her from rampaging.  
**Kiyoka:** But then... does that mean, you're only here for if you have to cut down Hono-chan...?  
**Hiyori:** ...... So, why are you...  
**Hiyori:** ...Oh, you came to see Mihono.  
**Kanami:** Good...  
**Kanami:** Ever since Mihono-chan got locked up here, she probably hasn't gotten to see anybody...  
**Hana:** Is there anything... you want us to tell Mihono for you?  
**Kanami:** ...Just tell her, I'm sorry.  
**Hana:** Eh?  
**Kanami:** Sorry, that I couldn't do anything for her...  
**Hiyori:** ......  
**Chie:** We all... feel the same way... None of us could do anything...  
**Yui:** Chie-san...  
**Hana:** I'll make sure... she knows.  
**Hiyori:** ...Thanks.  

## 3: Visit (2)
**Chie:** Mihono-chan\!  
**Mihono:** Ah... Chii-nee... Guys...  
**Kofuki:** Dang, Mihocchi. Haven't you been doing enough crying lately?  
**Mihono:** But... they said... I'd never get to see anybody again...  
**Chie:** I know... I know...\!  
**Yui:** This is too horrible\! She's going to get all messed up, locked up in here by herself\!  
**Mirja:** Is there any hope of improving her conditions, Origami Yukari-sama?  
**Yukari:** I could arrange for a better environment... but anything more would be difficult.  
**Yukari:** ...Asakura. What have they told you, in regards to your treatment?  
**Mihono:** They said, I can't ever leave here again... that it was for the good of the world...  
**Yui:** Huh\!? Losing Mihono-chan is way worse for the world\!  
**Kiyoka:** If we could do something about Kanayamahime... then, could Hono-chan leave here?  
**Yukari:** If the great aradama within Asakura could be suppressed or fully sealed... it could happen.  
**Mirja:** But... with what we have now, that would be effectively impossible...  
**Tsugumi:** ...Then there's nothing else we can do. I'm going to pay a visit to Hitakami-san.  
**Chie:** Tsugumi-chan\!?  
**Tsugumi:** Hitakami-san is currently the one with the most information on Kanayamahime.  
**Kofuki:** Yeah... maybe that's a good idea.  
**Kiyoka:** Kofuki-san\! We don't need help from the kind of people who'd do those experiments\! Let's save Hono-chan ourselves\!  
**Kofuki:** The whole reason this happened is cause we can't do that\!  
**Kiyoka:** That doesn't mean...  
**Mihono:** Don't fight\!  
**Kiyoka/Kofuki:** ...  
**Mihono:** I don't want to have to see you guys fighting...  
**Mihono:** I'm fine, with staying here like this, so...  
**Chie:** Mihono-chan...? What are you saying...?  
**Mihono:** This whole time... I've been thinking by myself. Why all this had to happen.  
**Mihono:** ...But, instead of being swallowed up by Kanayamahime, it'd be better if I just stayed locked up here...  
**Hana:** ...I can't stand seeing you that weak, Mihono.  
**Mihono:** Hana?  
**Hana:** ...It's been a while.  
**Hana:** I'm sorry... for not being there when you were going through so much.  
**Mihono:** It's fine... I'm just glad you came to see me. I really am...  
**Yui:** Hana-san's the one who came up with this, Mihono-chan. How, if we asked Yukari-sama, we could get special permission to see you.  
**Hana:** We just used how the investigation team is working for the Origami family. We did have to bend the rules for it.  
**Hana:** But, it was the right thing to do.  
**Hana:** ...Don't try to sacrifice yourself, Mihono. Nobody wants you to do that.  
**Mihono:** ...  
**Hana:** You always looked best when you're saving somebody else... Whenever you're holding up your okatana as a toji.  
**Hana:** Way better than wallowing in self-sacrifice in this place.  
**Hana:** So... don't give up here. If the investigation team didn't have you... I couldn't take it.  
**Mihono:** Hana...  
**Hana:** All of us are wanting you to come back. Nobody thinks it'd be better if you stayed here, okay?  
**Hanae:** That goes for Kanami-san and Hiyori-san too.  
**Mihono:** Kanami and Juujou-san?  
**Yui:** They're both right outside.  
**Yui:** And, they're really depressed they couldn't do anything for you.  
**Yui:** I'm sure everybody else feels the same way\!  
**Mihono:** ......  
**Chie:** So please, don't give up now... We want to have more time with you...  
**Mihono:** I mean... I want that too...  
**Mihono:** Is it okay... if I still keep hoping for that...? Can I still... keep wanting to be with you...?  
**Chie:** You shouldn't have to ask...  
**Mihono:** Chii-nee... I want to get out of here... Help me...  
**Chie:** I know... I will...\!  
> :ToCPrevNext